Extend the compatibility-with-leapp-repository.html (#779)
oamg/leapp: docs/source/compatibility-with-leapp-repository.md

which both are broken for leapp repository and the dependency from the point of
rpms is satisfied. This should happen rarely. We suggest you to ensure that you
use such repositories where only one of those rpms exists.

# Leapp developer's point of view

> Some big and cool feature requests expect changes to land in both leapp and leapp-repository projects simultaneously.
> To instruct how to pick up the proper version, you need to make changes to the spec files that reside in the
> `packaging` directory of both projects.
> 
> For example, let's say that [packaging/leapp.spec](../../packaging/leapp.spec#L16) has `framework_version 42.42` and
> the cool change you are working on is breaking previous functionality.
> 
> * In a leapp PR you would need to bump the version in the spec file to `framework_version 43.0`.
> 
> * In a leapp-repository PR you would then need to address the expected version by adjusting the Requires directive,
> like `Requires:       leapp-framework >= 43.0, leapp-framework < 44`

Reviewer: Let's rather make it general. It does not matter whether someone is working on a functionality that needs to be addressed in both projects in the same time or whether we speak just about generic case: I want to provide new feature in leapp; I want to start to use a feature in official leapp repositories.

```suggestion
I want to address new feature / functionality in leapp. Let's say that looking into [packaging/leapp.spec](../../packaging/leapp.spec#L16)  `framework_version` is set to `2.2` (the macro is used to set the value for the provided `leapp-framework`  capability). Based on my change I need to bump the value to:
* `2.3` - if my change is providing new funcionality that is compatible with previous version, so it's not breaking anything
* `3.0` - if my change is not compatible with the original functionality, so e.g. a library function is removed, etc. whatever change that affect the current existing leapp repositories.

Now let's say the other case: I want to start to use the new leapp functionality in a leapp repository (in the leapp-repository git repo). In such a case, in the commit I start to use the new functionality (newer leapp),  I check the [packaging/leapp-repository.spec](https://github.com/oamg/leapp-repository/blob/a2ae28455d4d28be62749e141a66beb35e686764/packaging/leapp-repository.spec#L99) spec file to see what `leapp-framework` is required. Let's say you see now line like this:
`
Requires:       leapp-framework >= 2.2, leapp-framework < 3
`
There are possible two cases:

* If the functionality you require is provided by `leapp-framework` older than `2.2` you do not need to do anything as the required functionality is already provided in the required version of the framework (ignoring the possibility you would like to use a removed functionality provided e.g. in framework `1.1`, the lowering of the required version of the framework is just not possible in our projects).

* If the functionality you require is provided by `leapp-framework` newer/higher than `2.2` (e.g. `2.4`, or `3.0`) than update the requirement so you are sure that minimal version will be the one you require, and the highest possible version will be lower than next the next major one (where the functionality could be missing or changed). So let's say in case you need functionality in `3.5`, you are sure that you will not install framework `4.x` or newer. So for this example set:
`
Requires:       leapp-framework >= 3.5, leapp-framework < 4
`
```
@fernflower: i cannot use triple backticks in the suggestion :/, so replace simple backticks when speking about "lines" by triple backticks instead.

Author: TBH I'd like to keep it simple - we already have a generic description above that doesn't really help to find an immediate answer to "How do I specify the cross-dependent versions asap" :(

Author: @MichalHe @Rezney @vinzenz what do you think?

Reviewer: @fernflower let's put it somewhere so we discuss it the next week, to have it resolved. it's not cabal topic, but possibly we could use that mtg when nobody is answering. wdyt?
